>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
these are some awesome storyboards.
I'm so excited about all of these.
Let's talk through some of them.
So Brandon, let's have you start,
we'll look at this starburst animation.
>> Brandon: Yeah, for sure, so
I tracked in an icon on the noun project,
that had this really kind of
interesting kind of explosive look.
And the first thing I thought when I saw
it is, I wanna mess with the rotation and
I wanna mess with the scaling of it.
So there are those three kind
of concentric circles there.
In the second frame I kind of
swamped the outer layer and
the inner layer scaling and
then twirled it around a little bit.
>> Sarah Drasner: Awesome!
That's gonna be really fun.
Cool.
I'm so excited to see this
all animated and moving.
Christina Gordon does
amazing SVG animation work.
She's not in this room right now,
so she's not gonna explain them.
But you should definitely
check out her code pen.
Let's look at Andrea's.
>> Andrea: So I’m doing a dinosaur
scene where he sees a rabbit,
he eats the rabbit, and
hes chewing on the rabbit.
And then there's the asteroid and then you
zoom out to see what happens to the earth.
>> Sarah Drasner: Awesome
[LAUGH] that's great, I love it.
It's like super like biodanger one
of those Animal Planet scenes and
then just none of it matters [LAUGH].
Cool, all right, Hank.
Is Hank in the room?
>> Hank: Yeah, mine is pretty simple.
It's just a mobile menu.
But when you click on the menu button,
it'll open up.
And those hamburger menu lines
will actually morph into text.
And so they'll be some animation between
the menu and then the text as well.
>> Sarah Drasner: Awesome.
Yeah, and we're gonna play around
a lot later with those timelines and
manipulating those timelines.
So that'll be a really fun one, too.
Okay, one more.
Jamie?
>> Jamie: Yeah, mine's pretty simple too.
I was thinking about using that Q
attribute that you were talking about and
kind of moving the waves
from side to side on an arc.
And then moving a cloud in and out and
maybe doing something
with the sunshine rays.
>> Sarah Drasner: Cool,
that looks awesome.
I'm so excited for all of these.
All right,
let's get cracking on animation.
We've done our due diligence here, right?